I want to show you something super
tactical today it it's about zero click
marketing and content marketing and
where and how to publish in the modern
era so this is our wistia account for
spark Toro and I'm in my FIV minute
whiteboards subfolder if you haven't
watched any five-minute whiteboards it's
fine they exist on uh on spark Toro's
blog in this this category right we put
them uh on here and I put the videos on
wistia and embed them here the player's
nice it gives me lot a good stats okay
that's all fine and well see here the
last video I put up was 424 plays you
can see that I've had videos that have
done as much as 3 six you know thousand
often times they're between 1 and 2,000
over over a couple of weeks right and
that's great like that's a lot of plays
that's a lot of people who are engaging
with them I I love the analytics that I
can see inside of Wisa around all the
different you know engagement metrics
whatever but
I want to point out that traffic is not
the thing that I'm optimizing for what I
really want to optimize for with all of
these videos with something like this is
how many people are going to see it how
many people are going to engage with it
how many people are going to remember
this video and Associate the the content
with spark Toro and remember the lessons
that are in there and you know grock the
ideas behind it that's my goal and so
rather than try and take this piece of
content and promote it across all of our
channels you know email and all of our
social channels and all that kind of
stuff what we instead do is say you know
what people want to consume things where
they are where they already are and look
at this here's LinkedIn I uploaded the
full five minute video to LinkedIn
35,000 Impressions 185 hours of watch
time it's pretty good granted a lot of
people drop off right at the beginning
but that's true of every piece of video
content here's Twitter again well
Twitter it's really hard to believe any
of the stats um we sort of know that
Twitter inflates these but regardless
and a lot of the replies are all AI Bots
and whatever but regardless you know I
think it is getting some real play on
Twitter here's threads where we know
everyone is real and you can see the
activity and we know that it's getting
you know an extra look at that that's
already three times as many views as it
got on the website here's YouTube it
only has nine views so far because I
just started my YouTube channel so I
think this can pick up over time right
here's Reddit someone actually took this
video and submitted it to Reddit I I
would have done it but I appreciate wise
Genesis doing it for me actually I think
they submitted to two subreddit they
submitted to the digital PR and then the
public relations one also my favorite
little comment here I feel like Rand has
been completely irrelevant since he left
MZ okay that's fine what I'm saying
about all of these things about all of
these places where we're promoting it is
that the concept behind zero click
marketing isn't Drive no traffic to your
site I am trying to drive some traffic
to our website you should be trying to
drive some traffic to your site too but
you shouldn't lose fact shouldn't lose
sight of the fact that most people are
going to consume content in places where
they already are and your reach your
engagement your ability to influence
your audience is going to be improved in
if you serve people where they are
instead of forcing them to come to your
website that is the whole point behind
zero click content